Saikrishna :

1. Introduce yourself with all the technologies you have used (versions included)
2.(Rate yourself in angular)
3. What is the most complex thing you did in angular /where do you face difficulty while working in angular
4. Forms in angular
5. Scenario where you are using Reactive forms and you need to create now employee in database total flow of client server communication (note pad)
6. Form builder
7. Observable vs promise 
8. Where do you use observables (note pad)
9. Subjects and what are all the subjects you used and their usage scenario
10. Async and behavioral subject difference
11. What are pipes where do we use them and how to make custom one and a scenario where i used one
12. wWhat are directives where do we use them and how to make custom one and a scenario where i used one
13. Class , style binding and What is interpolation
14. Parent child communication(note pad)
15. Componet communication
16. Dependency injection and services in angular
17. Write code to a reactive form (ts,html)
(Rate yourself in java)
18. What is JIT and AOT?
19. String buffer, string builder, string difference
20. Tell me some string methods
21. Difference between string literal and string object
22. Tell me about Collections framework
23. Declare a map (note pad)
24. There is an array of numbers write a method to determine Permutations and combinations of that array
25. No of occurences of a all the digits in an array of numbers(using streams and not declaring separate variable)
26. (Rate yourself in Spring boot)
27. Tell me some of the annotations in spring boot
28. Can we have separate configuration file
29. Dependency injection in spring boot
30. What is hashcode in java
31. Comparing two objects in java
32. Comparable and compare to
33. Do we have to override hash code for every entity to be able to compare them?
34.what is peek , flat map in difference
35.what is internal function map,list,set,arraylist,hashmap,hashtable
36.swap two strings without using third variable(write in note pad)
37.what is difference between while loop and for loop
38. what is difference between collection and collections
39.what is the grouping by method in collections
40. what is internal function in @springbootapplication
41.what is difference between @configuration and @component
42.how beans are created in springboot
43.what is use of @autowired
44.what is IOC
45.how you configure database in spring boot?
46.have work with Gradle
47. you different profiles in spring boot how to active or run with  particular profile
48.what is @Entity
49.what are is stereotype annotations in spring boot
50. reverse a string with using while loop
51.what is method reference
52. write the code to convert date to string and string to date using simple date formatter
53.From employee list takeout the names and group by the age like below 30 , below 40 using java 8 streams (note pad)
54.what is https request
55. in spring boot how you configure https?
56.what are all method available interceptor in spring boot?
57. explain me about status code
58.what is a exception class
59.write a own exception class
60. what is the use of try catch block

Veereshamma: 
Tell me about yourself
what java 8 features
what is the method reference
how can we call the static method using method reference
what is serialization?
streams in serialization and Java 8 Stream API are both the same
what is final, finally, finalize
 If an exception is raised finally block will be executed or not.
shall we make the interface as final?
explain to me the memory in java
 explain to me about multi-threading 
what is spring batch
what is a singleton and prototype
any other scopes are there
what is an inversion of control
how ioc will work internally in the application
what is a collection
did you work on javascript
what are ES6 features
how can we create a class in javascript
what is async and await  ( javascript )
what is arrow function ( javascript )
what is let, const, var
did you mySql
what is the difference between joins and subquery
Explain me the scenarios where joins will be used and where subquery can we use

Vamsi :
1. Self Introduction

2. what are java 8 features ?

3. what are the differences between collections and Streams ?

4. what are intermediate operators ? Give some examples ?

5. what is a lambda expression ?

6. what is an optional class ?

7. what is the difference between @Controller and @RestController  ?

8.what is @RequestMapping annotation do ?

9. what is the difference between @GetMapping and @PostMapping ?

10. How will you execute the test cases and what are the standards you followed ?

11. How will you test repository layer ?

12. How will you test Rest endpoints ?

13. What do you know about TDD ?

14. How will you provide your Rest API’s to client  and How he will access that API’s ?

15. Do you have any work experience on Pair Programming ? Explain about pair programming ?

Sudheer :

1.       Self-introduction

2.       What is static and final keywords. What is the use of them

3.       What is dependency injection

4.       Difference between linked List and Array List

5.       If we give final keyword to  list, can we modify the list

6.       Stater dependencies in spring

7.       What is Auto configuration

8.        What is controller and Rest controller, difference between them

9.       Java 8 features

10.   What are streams

11.   Write code using streams for print the employee name who’s salary is greater than 10000 in the employee list

12.   Write a query to get 2nd highest salary of an employee

13.   Where you mention the properties of your application

14.   How you configure your database in configuration file

15.   Angular 8 features

16.   Updated version of angular

17.   What is micro service and how to use

18.   What is lambda expression

--------------------------------------------------------
mail from SK Sir :
Hi,

Find below the JD for Fleet Bid Management System. Prepare well for the interview.

JD Full stack Engineer :

Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering or computer science.
3+ Years of experience in Java and Spring boot Framework
1+ years of experience in any Java Script framework
Good Knowledge on design patterns
Experience in writing unit test cases. Understands the usage of mocking / faking unit testing frameworks
Knowledge of relational and non-relational databases.
Awareness of TDD and Pair programming
----------------------------------------------------------